[alice]
Next came an angry voice—the Rabbit’s—“Pat! Pat! Where are you?” And
then a voice she had never heard before, “Sure then I’m here! Digging
for apples, yer honour!”

“Digging for apples, indeed!” said the Rabbit angrily. “Here! Come and
help me out of _this!_” (Sounds of more broken glass.)

“Now tell me, Pat, what’s that in the window?”

“Sure, it’s an arm, yer honour!” (He pronounced it “arrum.”)

“An arm, you goose! Who ever saw one that size? Why, it fills the whole
window!”

“Sure, it does, yer honour: but it’s an arm for all that.”

“Well, it’s got no business there, at any rate: go and take it away!”

There was a long silence after this, and Alice could only hear whispers
now and then; such as, “Sure, I don’t like it, yer honour, at all, at
all!” “Do as I tell you, you coward!” and at last she spread out her
hand again, and made another snatch in the air. This time there were
_two_ little shrieks, and more sounds of broken glass. “What a number
of cucumber-frames there must be!” thought Alice. “I wonder what
they’ll do next! As for pulling me out of the window, I only wish they
_could!_ I’m sure _I_ don’t want to stay in here any longer!”

She waited for some time without hearing anything more: at last came a
rumbling of little cartwheels, and the sound of a good many voices all
talking together: she made out the words: “Where’s the other
ladder?—Why, I hadn’t to bring but one; Bill’s got the other—Bill!
fetch it here, lad!—Here, put ’em up at this corner—No, tie ’em
together first—they don’t reach half high enough yet—Oh! they’ll do
well enough; don’t be particular—Here, Bill! catch hold of this
rope—Will the roof bear?—Mind that loose slate—Oh, it’s coming down!
Heads below!” (a loud crash)—“Now, who did that?—It was Bill, I
fancy—Who’s to go down the chimney?—Nay, _I_ shan’t! _You_ do
it!—_That_ I won’t, then!—Bill’s to go down—Here, Bill! the master says
you’re to go down the chimney!”

“Oh! So Bill’s got to come down the chimney, has he?” said Alice to

[frankenstein]
[Wordsworth’s “Tintern Abbey”.]

And where does he now exist? Is this gentle and lovely being lost
for ever? Has this mind, so replete with ideas, imaginations fanciful
and magnificent, which formed a world, whose existence depended on the
life of its creator;—has this mind perished? Does it now only exist
in my memory? No, it is not thus; your form so divinely wrought, and
beaming with beauty, has decayed, but your spirit still visits and
consoles your unhappy friend.

Pardon this gush of sorrow; these ineffectual words are but a slight
tribute to the unexampled worth of Henry, but they soothe my heart,
overflowing with the anguish which his remembrance creates. I will
proceed with my tale.

Beyond Cologne we descended to the plains of Holland; and we resolved to
post the remainder of our way, for the wind was contrary and the stream of
the river was too gentle to aid us.

Our journey here lost the interest arising from beautiful scenery, but we
arrived in a few days at Rotterdam, whence we proceeded by sea to England.
It was on a clear morning, in the latter days of December, that I first saw
the white cliffs of Britain. The banks of the Thames presented a new scene;
they were flat but fertile, and almost every town was marked by the
remembrance of some story. We saw Tilbury Fort and remembered the Spanish
Armada, Gravesend, Woolwich, and Greenwich—places which I had heard
of even in my country.

At length we saw the numerous steeples of London, St. Paul’s towering
above all, and the Tower famed in English history.




Chapter 19


London was our present point of rest; we determined to remain several
months in this wonderful and celebrated city. Clerval desired the
intercourse of the men of genius and talent who flourished at this
time, but this was with me a secondary object; I was principally
occupied with the means of obtaining the information necessary for the
completion of my promise and quickly availed myself of the letters of
introduction that I

[pride]
so splendid a dinner, might not wholly overpower them.



When the ladies were separating for the toilette, he said to

Elizabeth,--



“Do not make yourself uneasy, my dear cousin, about your apparel. Lady

Catherine is far from requiring that elegance of dress in us which

becomes herself and daughter. I would advise you merely to put on

whatever of your clothes is superior to the rest--there is no occasion

for anything more. Lady Catherine will not think the worse of you for

being simply dressed. She likes to have the distinction of rank

preserved.”



While they were dressing, he came two or three times to their different

doors, to recommend their being quick, as Lady Catherine very much

objected to be kept waiting for her dinner. Such formidable accounts of

her Ladyship, and her manner of living, quite frightened Maria Lucas,

who had been little used to company; and she looked forward to her

introduction at Rosings with as much apprehension as her father had done

to his presentation at St. James’s.



As the weather was fine, they had a pleasant walk of about half a mile

across the park. Every park has its beauty and its prospects; and

Elizabeth saw much to be pleased with, though she could not be in such

raptures as Mr. Collins expected the scene to inspire, and was but

slightly affected by his enumeration of the windows in front of the

house, and his relation of what the glazing altogether had originally

cost Sir Lewis de Bourgh.



When they ascended the steps to the hall, Maria’s alarm was every moment

increasing, and even Sir William did not look perfectly calm.

Elizabeth’s courage did not fail her. She had heard nothing of Lady

Catherine that spoke her awful from any extraordinary talents or

miraculous virtue, and the mere stateliness of money and rank she

thought she could witness without trepidation.



From the entrance hall, of which Mr. Collins pointed out, with a

rapturous air, the fine proportion and finished ornaments, they

[sherlock]
“He seems a very amiable person,” said Holmes, laughing. “I am not

quite so bulky, but if he had remained I might have shown him that my

grip was not much more feeble than his own.” As he spoke he picked up

the steel poker and, with a sudden effort, straightened it out again.



“Fancy his having the insolence to confound me with the official

detective force! This incident gives zest to our investigation,

however, and I only trust that our little friend will not suffer from

her imprudence in allowing this brute to trace her. And now, Watson, we

shall order breakfast, and afterwards I shall walk down to Doctors’

Commons, where I hope to get some data which may help us in this

matter.”



It was nearly one o’clock when Sherlock Holmes returned from his

excursion. He held in his hand a sheet of blue paper, scrawled over

with notes and figures.



“I have seen the will of the deceased wife,” said he. “To determine its

exact meaning I have been obliged to work out the present prices of the

investments with which it is concerned. The total income, which at the

time of the wife’s death was little short of £ 1,100, is now, through

the fall in agricultural prices, not more than £ 750. Each daughter can

claim an income of £ 250, in case of marriage. It is evident,

therefore, that if both girls had married, this beauty would have had a

mere pittance, while even one of them would cripple him to a very

serious extent. My morning’s work has not been wasted, since it has

proved that he has the very strongest motives for standing in the way

of anything of the sort. And now, Watson, this is too serious for

dawdling, especially as the old man is aware that we are interesting

ourselves in his affairs; so if you are ready, we shall call a cab and

drive to Waterloo. I should be very much obliged if you would slip your

revolver into your pocket. An Eley’s No. 2 is an excellent argument

with gentlemen who can twist steel pokers into knots. That and a

tooth-b

